Dave Ewers Phil leave midwood leaves
with a beautiful s15 or tech just come
in from Japan I've just driven this one
around the block and absolutely fly it's
a very nice height family car and it's
in immaculate condition have a look at
the beautiful listening paint on this
car it's in superb condition and I like
the lines on this there's no
over-the-top body it's just nice and
original factory that's a factory option
darker tail wing just a very minimalist
wing
original alloy wheels and these all tech
versions they're a really good sports
car they've got all the best JDM bits
for handling so they've got the better
suspension I've got the six-speed
gearbox the better rear end with the LSD
in it so they really hook up and go
around corners beautifully and I love
normally aspirated engines they're more
responsive at low revs have just got a
more even fourth band all the way
through the rev range you're going to
pay less insurance you're going to use
less petrol probably going to get booked
a little bit less from the cops is when
you drive a turbo with all that top-end
excitement you tend to drive it like a
bit of an idiot this car it's a
beautiful driver's car very responsive
but you're going to end up driving it in
Sydney or in some major city most of us
where we do our driving I reckon this is
a better daily driver than a turbo car
just stunning condition all the seats
are beautiful
it's nowhere in tehran it's a non
smokers car
all the dash is lovely
steering wheels lovely
Travel 136,000 k is this car
and check out the fire this is real
bargain territory we've got this mark
and a very very exciting and affordable
price and look at the condition when you
compare these two other cars that this
is going to be competing on for your
attention competing with for your
attention on the Internet I reckon this
is going to be a lot better condition of
most of the cars you can out there this
engine bay you can eat your breakfast or
lunch or your dinner off
see the struct hours and all
rusted out no signs of any accidents or
repairs that I could see please get an
independent inspection don't take my
word for it but I'm pretty positive
in fact a tight
excellent three beautiful that's a
little aftermarket pc it's been that
popped into through the air flow and the
choose length headers on these have been
a crap
the retail
keep that header there actually a
factory option here that's part of what
makes
please all take care about 150 yards
for the beautiful engine bay original
air intake there so there's no defect
original radiator support nice clear
headlights
original alloy wheels and Scott this car
is available at Woodley's if you like
the look of it give us a call our number
is 0 to 97 double for
we do delivered australia-wide and we've
been in business at the same location
since 1971 for the price go to our
website WWE d ye ma you or just come in
and visit this ugly monkey come and have
a coffee say g'day still the link i met
with Lee's thank you you watching this
video see ya